---
title: Devblog#1 Planning
date: 14-11-2023 12:00:00 +0200
categories: [programming,devjourney,devblog]
tags: [Docs]
---

# Devblog 1: Planning of a new project.

Today I started wondering if I should start making a dev blog, something to help me keep track of my own progress to further my skills in programming.

I didn't however think what project I would make for this dev blog but then it hit me, what if I make a small game to publish to Itch.io which has been empty for a while.

## The Plan for the Project.

I have not yet made a definite plan but I do have some ideas for possible games

* an Arcade game platformer
* a FPS game
* Parkour game
* RPG Game
* Cooking game
* Horde shooter

Engine for these games might differ as not all engines are good at certain things, I have a slight idea of which engine to use with which.

* FPS, Parkour, Horde Shooter and Cooking game probably either with Unreal or Unity
* RPG Game probably with either Godot, RPG Maker MV or Unity

## First Steps

Probably what I should do first is to plan out all the necessary steps on making a game from these game ideas so I have some sort of an idea of what to start with but most important thing to plan out is the work schedule, do I work on the game at school? at home? or perhaps at grandmas house?

Either way, I have to plan out the schedule out first before starting as there might be some changes to it before the development starts.

## Conclusion

This was pretty long for a first real blog post but I'm glad if you read to this point and sure hope this was interesting, until we meet again!

## End of Dev Blog 1